Correct and expand documentation for the ImageDecoder API. (#16951)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/imagedecoder/type/index.md

---
title: ImageDecoder.type
slug: Web/API/ImageDecoder/type
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Property
  - Reference
  - type
  - ImageDecoder
browser-compat: api.ImageDecoder.type
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("WebCodecs API")}}

The **`type`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ImageDecoder")}} interface reflects the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) configured during construction.

## Value

> A {{domxref("DOMString")}} containing the configured [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string containing the configured [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types).
```
